# OSG-PATh Staff Meeting

The weekly OSG-PATh staff meeting is intended to promote camaraderie and
shared understanding of OSG and PATh goals among all staff.
As such, it is open to all staff who contribute effort to the OSG Consortium
and all PATh staff.

## Basic Meeting Information

<style>
  table#coordinates td { padding-top: 0.5ex; padding-bottom: 0.5ex; }
</style>
<table id="coordinates">
  <tr> <td><strong>When</strong></td> <td>Wednesdays, 2:00–3:00 p.m. Central Time</td> </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Online</strong></td>
    <td><a href="https://uwmadison.zoom.us/j/91646738583">https://uwmadison.zoom.us/j/91646738583</a> (password sent separately)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Phone (toll)</strong></td>
    <td>
      See <a href="https://uwmadison.zoom.us/u/abQyBkAVbS">the Zoom website</a> for phone numbers<br>
      Meeting ID: 916 4673 8583 (password sent separately)
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Meeting Types

There are four kinds of staff meetings:

*  **Regular meetings** have a team presentation plus discussion of interesting challenges
*  **Topical meetings** are focused around one or two questions for a team lead
*  **Town hall meetings** occur on last Wednesdays each month and are led by Miron or Frank
*  **Special topics meetings** focus on a special discussion topic or two

### Regular meetings

Staff should decide for themselves when it is best to attend.
OSG Area Coordinators are asked to attend or send a delegate to ensure broad representation.

1.  (2 min) Review [OSG calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=7597sl1am95q5dcg4ii0hggj4g%40group.calendar.google.com) for updates
1.  (3 min) Collect topics for discussion time
1.  (30 min) Team presentation and discussion
1.  (25 min) Discussion of interesting challenges

The “interesting challenges” section is for current or recent challenges,
especially ones that have or had elements that cut across various OSG/PATh teams.
For current challenges, this is a venue to raise awareness and ask for help.
For recent challenges, this is an opportunity to get the staff to think about ways in which we could have done better.
The topics do not have to related to the presentation of the day,
although the presenter is welcome to identify ones during their talk.

**Everyone** is encouraged to bring interesting challenges to each meeting,
and we’ll get through as many as we can each time.
Even better, nominate topics by emailing Tim C. in advance.

### Topical meetings

Team topical meetings address one or two broad questions about a team’s activities:

*   **How does it work?**  The team lead picks some “it” to talk about,
    with the goal of helping all OSG and PATh staff learn more about our technologies and processes.
    Team leads are encouraged to ask other staff what they want to learn about.

*   **What bothers me?**  The team lead picks some current issue or annoyance
    in their team’s technologies, processes, or so on,
    and leads a discussion about what might be done to make it better.
    Team leads are encouraged to ask other team members about potential topics here.

Otherwise, these meetings are like Regular meetings.

Each team will alternate between Regular and Topical meetings when scheduled to present.
Thus, team updates will occur half as often as before.

### Town hall meetings

Every fourth meeting, OSG/PATh leadership (Miron, Frank, or Brian B.)
will lead a meeting to discuss topics of their choice.
All staff are encouraged to suggest topics in advance by emailing Tim C.

**All OSG and PATh staff are requested to attend monthly town hall meetings,**
so please note these meetings in your calendar system.

### Special topics meetings

Occasionally, a staff meeting will be set aside for presentation or (more often) discussion
of a special topic, which will be announced in advance.

## Schedule

### Upcoming Meetings

-   2024-11-27 - Cancelled (Thanksgiving)
-   2024-12-04 - [Collaboration Support](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1RwdwyW1FlcAh1or2uAIxBDKzNVP0GZWQkbVSeTR1ASM/edit?usp=sharing) (Pascal Paschos)

### Past Meetings

Past meetings are listed newest to oldest.
Blank lines separate cycles of team presentations.

-   2024-11-20 - Research Facilitation (Christina Koch)
-   2024-11-13 - Cancelled
-   2024-11-06 - All-Staff Town Hall (Terminology, Miron Livny)
-   2024-10-30 - Operations (Jeff Dost)
-   2024-10-23 - [Network Monitoring](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16JCaGD_uHV3DQKwrWY3POUpgatHaw8VMEc3YNlIjpSg/) (Shawn McKee)
-   2024-10-16 - [Global Infrastructure Lab](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1c6YxSaAUw_JgQEcgHUPOyVDbZkk0vaMf/) (Igor Sfiligoi)
-   2024-10-09 - Cancelled (no Town Hall)
-   2024-10-02 - [Software](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1WDhzEddugXhUsjJE-tYJ0IToqE3qiPd2bM5GbT5AroM/) (Brian Lin)
-   2024-09-25 - Security (Mike Stanfield)
-   2024-09-18 - Pelican (Brian Bockelman)
-   2024-09-11 - All-Staff Town Hall
-   2024-09-04 - Cancelled
-   2024-08-28 - [Release, topical](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PC5_rw6bDoSsvN7neye-mN1Mbw7cO_7dD7N3okO3uLA/) (Tim Theisen)
-   2024-08-21 - [Campus Services, update](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OSWvP87FlC9zZ4Dpa3d4fbdLXjI0RsNQ/) (Tim Cartwright)

<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

-   2024-08-14 - All-Staff Town Hall (?)
-   2024-08-07 - Cancelled (OSG School)
-   2024-07-31 - [Production Support](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1iPM7bVWjfosyizqjT-GuiwyfUCI5ViNi/view) (Ken Herner)
-   2024-07-24 - Cancelled (PEARC24)
-   2024-07-17 - All-Staff Town Hall (HTC 24 discussion)
-   2024-07-10 - Cancelled (HTC 24)
-   2024-07-03 - Cancelled (July 4th Holiday)
-   2024-06-26 - [Facilitation Services](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19ZNuq0w84iAklai9P2iMCWjIW2so8e7cffYLAZBEa9U/) (Christina Koch)
-   2024-06-19 - Cancelled (Juneteenth Holiday)
-   2024-06-12 - [Network Monitoring](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BAKjc1ErtzJwMdpzn3vSIpnFrgcKqsL0izgD7vwQKYM/) (Shawn McKee)
-   2024-06-05 - [Collaboration Support](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15XzU_UPODlXm5ENp7SNH1OFCL2C3zLt8ebmK9aPKlq4) (Pascal Paschos)
-   2024-05-29 - [Operations](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1nZIpU-tuk4IW44pGHwWOs-tkG76XorkWztG9iPVCo0U/) (Jeff Dost)
-   2024-05-22 - [Global Infrastructure Lab](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14bIVtCSdF6M3mBYrj7nY-5xH0rYQD2IR/view) (Igor Sfiligoi, et al.)
-   2024-05-15 - All-Staff Town Hall (HTC 24 plans, Frank Wuerthwein)
-   2024-05-08 - Accounting (Derek Weitzel)
-   2024-05-01 - Cancelled (no Town Hall)
-   2024-04-24 - Technology Investigations (Brian Bockelman)
-   2024-04-17 - Cancelled
-   2024-04-10 - [Security](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Avvs-HKMpL7Z96jFJFjB3xPphRg_kBKm/) (Mike Stanfield)
-   2024-04-03 - All-Staff Town Hall (Namespaces, Miron Livny and Brian Bockelman)
-   2024-03-27 - HTCondor Software Suite (Todd Tannenbaum)
-   2024-03-20 - [Software, topical](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1VQVr7UFbZeu-7UozdCtoGiPruf1Q2gAAJdlzaqDu0Ro/) (Brian Lin)
-   2024-03-13 - Cancelled - Collaborations day
-   2024-03-06 - All-Staff Town Hall (team chat)
-   2024-02-28 - [Release, update](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1nzGCV5-AXRXl1XayVDJL7lQIWTnhy6AH5hF5szrceAs/) (Tim Theisen)

<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

-   2024-02-21 - Cancelled - IGWN visit   
-   2024-02-14 - Collaboration Support (Pascal Paschos)
-   2024-02-07 - All-Staff Town Hall (Pelican updates, Brian Bockelman)
-   2024-01-31 - Network Monitoring (Shawn McKee)
-   2024-01-24 - Research Facilitation (Christina Koch) - Topics
-   2024-01-17 - Global Infrastructure Lab (Fabio Andrijauskas) - [Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g7RIbnsF6M9r3cQ7HpU6wPY61879gdJzQ4CVD4-HNGg/)
-   2024-01-10 - All-Staff Town Hall (Frank Würthwein)
-   2024-01-03 - Cancelled - Holiday

#### Earlier Meetings

Information about earlier meetings are on [a separate archive page](ac-meeting-archive.md).  Meeting
notes prior to 20 September 2017 were contained in the old OSG TWiki and are no longer available online.
